FWT-221 Accelerating SPI (#12)
RIT-EVT/rampup: targets/phase4/Instructions.md

## Learning Objectives
- SPI communication
- Advanced driver development
- Accelerometers
- Reading datasheets
- Running code on EVT hardware

## Summary
The next communication protocol to cover is the Serial Peripheral Interface 
(SPI, pronounced "spy"). You'll use this protocol to communicate between the uC 
and a 3-axis accelerometer. An accelerometer is an special integrated circuit 
(IC) that is capable of sensing the acceleration of the chip. For our purposes, 
we're going simply read the acceleration of all three axes, convert it to 

> Gforce, and print it out. You'll still need the Saleae and FTB, but you'll need 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
G-force, and print it out. You'll still need the Saleae and FTB, but you'll need 
```
